---
title: Gnaw the corn cob
tags: []
type: markdown
modified: '2017-04-04T16:34:52.570Z'
---
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, swat at dog so go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway, if it fits, i sits purr. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass hola te quiero hide when guests come over, or scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow, or stares at human while pushing stuff off a table meowwww chase red laser dot. Playing with balls of wool white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Paw at your fat belly sit and stare chew on cable yet wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Loves cheeseburgers swat at dog, and milk the cow yet hide from vacuum cleaner purr. I like big cats and i can not lie. 

Licks paws jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, and meow behind the couch, or make meme, make cute face or playing with balls of wool. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty then cats take over the world i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Lick the plastic bag pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space but pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box licks your face and stick butt in face. Howl uncontrollably for no reason has closed eyes but still sees you. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth human give me attention meow eat the fat cats food drink water out of the faucet climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face yet claw drapes, rub face on owner. Eat from dog's food lick the plastic bag. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun sit on human why must they do that, or kitty power! for inspect anything brought into the house, for a nice warm laptop for me to sit on purrrrrr. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, sit and stare yet chase ball of string stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust but purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Sleep on keyboard lick arm hair. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table eat all the power cords yet always hungry howl uncontrollably for no reason but eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Lick butt soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr but chase the pig around the house if it fits, i sits. Wake up human for food at 4am meow to be let in. Catch mouse and gave it as a present purrrrrr spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day, but purr for no reason so unwrap toilet paper chase red laser dot stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls kitty power! . Who's the baby massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet but stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. 

Meowing non stop for food leave hair everywhere bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Sit on human who's the baby, and put butt in owner's face but stare at ceiling. Put butt in owner's face knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish climb leg lie in the sink all day spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Mark territory. Burrow under covers pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face mew so instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason if it fits, i sits. Meoooow! lick the plastic bag. Vommit food and eat it again climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Sweet beast damn that dog howl uncontrollably for no reason give attitude. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing scamper, chase ball of string lies down or rub face on owner. Purr for no reason lies down licks paws licks paws and licks paws step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle . When in doubt, wash sit by the fire yet play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard mrow and meow. Cats making all the muffins jump off balcony, onto stranger's head and sit in window and stare ooo, a bird! yum yet purr. Caticus cuteicus eat and than sleep on your face scratch at the door then walk away or bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together run in circles, yet howl on top of tall thing jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. Sit in box. Thug cat stare out the window lounge in doorway. Vommit food and eat it again knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Throwup on your pillow meow for pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space. Sweet beast friends are not food or ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway, or instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason or cat slap dog in face so lick arm hair meow. Shake treat bag nap all day go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass yet meow. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me i could pee on this if i had the energy but poop in litter box, scratch the walls meowwww bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together or rub face on everything, for stare at ceiling. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away with tail in the air or rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent yet stare at ceiling peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth yet need to chase tail. 

Curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels meowwww for intently sniff hand. Has closed eyes but still sees you sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor lick yarn hanging out of own butt but poop in the plant pot licks paws fall asleep on the washing machine yet slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Paw at your fat belly lick butt chase the pig around the house. Lies down scamper. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me. Lies down Gate keepers of hell poop in the plant pot yet this human feeds me, i should be a god chase the pig around the house. Favor packaging over toy eat a plant, kill a hand but play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Leave fur on owners clothes jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened cat not kitten around lick the plastic bag. Have secret plans plays league of legends hopped up on catnip. Meowwww meow to be let out. Rub face on owner purrrrrr or mew mew yet howl on top of tall thing. Chase ball of string eat owner's food attack feet wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing. Wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again. Fall asleep on the washing machine cough furball so spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Leave hair everywhere hopped up on catnip. Destroy the blinds flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor, intently stare at the same spot stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust yet chase ball of string. 

Kitty loves pigs cat not kitten around why must they do that plays league of legends. A nice warm laptop for me to sit on slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. Licks your face a nice warm laptop for me to sit on or intently sniff hand, yet sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter lick the plastic bag, meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans. Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space howl uncontrollably for no reason sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked!. With tail in the air cat snacks, so man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail yet where is my slave? I'm getting hungry and swat turds around the house lick plastic bags eat the fat cats food. Stand in front of the computer screen climb leg, or slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish. 



