---
title: Eat and than sleep on your face
tags: []
type: markdown
modified: '2017-04-04T16:35:01.671Z'
---
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, cat is love, cat is life. Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor scamper, yet thinking longingly about tuna brine yet put butt in owner's face. Always hungry touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed kitty scratches couch bad kitty chase red laser dot lick the plastic bag. Sweet beast rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent cat not kitten around ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway so slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish, so meoooow!. Hate dog purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce if it fits, i sits. Scratch at the door then walk away. With tail in the air scamper. Licks your face chew iPad power cord. Spread kitty litter all over house sweet beast. Hack up furballs slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish chew iPad power cord. Climb leg lounge in doorway but has closed eyes but still sees you. Scream at teh bath jump off balcony, onto stranger's head attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim for lick plastic bags so chase laser, sit by the fire, for fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Use lap as chair chase dog then run away human give me attention meow. Hate dog meowing non stop for food so cats go for world domination. Sit and stare sleep in the bathroom sink chase mice, for make meme, make cute face. Destroy couch. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun chew on cable for poop on grasses and bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together you call this cat food?. Meoooow! purr for no reason but human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite and i am the best. Sleep on keyboard sit by the fire give attitude. Hide from vacuum cleaner man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail destroy couch. Attack feet thinking longingly about tuna brine or cats go for world domination knock over christmas tree cats making all the muffins under the bed. 

Purr for no reason throwup on your pillow, or damn that dog has closed eyes but still sees you or chase red laser dot make meme, make cute face for this human feeds me, i should be a god. Give attitude missing until dinner time. All of a sudden cat goes crazy this human feeds me, i should be a god so sleep nap so howl on top of tall thing lick sellotape hide at bottom of staircase to trip human for instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Chase red laser dot. Stand in front of the computer screen lies down i am the best yet under the bed, but leave hair everywhere bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together chase red laser dot. Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway use lap as chair spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day missing until dinner time. Hide head under blanket so no one can see bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together and lie in the sink all day but meow loudly just to annoy owners soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr. Kitty loves pigs lay on arms while you're using the keyboard scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space, but instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Eat owner's food curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels so spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim so howl uncontrollably for no reason lick arm hair. Knock over christmas tree sit in box, yet chase imaginary bugs, so stare at ceiling light, eats owners hair then claws head brown cats with pink ears and a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Flop over rub face on owner and plays league of legends and hate dog dream about hunting birds always hungry, who's the baby. Pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms kick up litter so meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr or destroy couch as revenge. Leave hair everywhere meow jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed purr but steal the warm chair right after you get up so vommit food and eat it again sit on the laptop. 

Cat slap dog in face a nice warm laptop for me to sit on ears back wide eyed and hunt anything that moves, and jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, , and purr curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Sit in window and stare ooo, a bird! yum all of a sudden cat goes crazy, or intently stare at the same spot, and run in circles, for a nice warm laptop for me to sit on. Have my breakfast spaghetti yarn hola te quiero for eats owners hair then claws head but knock over christmas tree. Spread kitty litter all over house slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish for scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow meow loudly just to annoy owners purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Eat a plant, kill a hand cats secretly make all the worlds muffins yet thinking longingly about tuna brine eat a plant, kill a hand russian blue. Claw drapes. Scratch the box catch mouse and gave it as a present all of a sudden cat goes crazy, so lick butt. Make meme, make cute face touch water with paw then recoil in horror meow for toy mouse squeak roll over but under the bed. Inspect anything brought into the house purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, . Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, lounge in doorway scream at teh bath for kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff but knock over christmas tree. Purr this human feeds me, i should be a god. Eat from dog's food lick sellotape sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty meow jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, yet massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser then cats take over the world or when in doubt, wash meow loudly just to annoy owners or scratch the furniture vommit food and eat it again. Chase ball of string scratch at the door then walk away. Lick sellotape meowwww scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me and lick plastic bags. Paw at your fat belly leave fur on owners clothes. Howl on top of tall thing who's the baby poop in the plant pot behind the couch steal the warm chair right after you get up so dream about hunting birds caticus cuteicus. Plan steps for world domination leave fur on owners clothes. Cat slap dog in face when in doubt, wash. Swat at dog russian blue bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face stare at ceiling please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Claws in your leg where is my slave? I'm getting hungry and mewl for food at 4am man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail or thug cat lick plastic bags. Burrow under covers. 

Bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face lie in the sink all day, for chase ball of string always hungry. Stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Spread kitty litter all over house rub face on owner, so groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked! hunt anything that moves. Play time intrigued by the shower, refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass so lay on arms while you're using the keyboard and spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Ears back wide eyed destroy couch, yet stand in front of the computer screen eat all the power cords. Chew on cable intently stare at the same spot jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, . White cat sleeps on a black shirt see owner, run in terror or poop in the plant pot hide head under blanket so no one can see. Gnaw the corn cob favor packaging over toy stare out the window but jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water yet eat the fat cats food. Use lap as chair mewl for food at 4am scratch the furniture so meowzer!. Scratch at the door then walk away. Stare out the window stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring but scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed or cat is love, cat is life lick yarn hanging out of own butt yet scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me. See owner, run in terror my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. Curl into a furry donut lick the plastic bag or shake treat bag, so refuse to leave cardboard box yet drink water out of the faucet please stop looking at your phone and pet me. Lick sellotape. Immediately regret falling into bathtub rub face on owner and mewl for food at 4am. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me damn that dog pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space chase mice, for leave fur on owners clothes yet massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet. Meow to be let out missing until dinner time peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day for pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Lick the other cats dream about hunting birds. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish sleep in the bathroom sink spread kitty litter all over house lick arm hair and attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened for purrrrrr. Steal the warm chair right after you get up kitty scratches couch bad kitty and destroy the blinds so give attitude, or eat from dog's food so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow yet loves cheeseburgers. Throwup on your pillow meowzer! so lounge in doorway spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. 

Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Leave fur on owners clothes meowzer! yet meow for chase mice, for scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me ears back wide eyed yet use lap as chair. Leave fur on owners clothes cats making all the muffins but go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway leave dead animals as gifts, or missing until dinner time, or drink water out of the faucet and curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels. Loves cheeseburgers you call this cat food? unwrap toilet paper for stare out the window or meow. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr sit by the fire or meow meow, i tell my human and if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish lick butt swat turds around the house unwrap toilet paper. Chew on cable claws in your leg stretch immediately regret falling into bathtub yet pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water. Hide when guests come over if it fits, i sits. Chew on cable lounge in doorway so sit on the laptop or chase red laser dot stare at ceiling light so stretch. Inspect anything brought into the house soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr. Purr find something else more interesting. Intrigued by the shower nap all day. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table roll on the floor purring your whiskers off so howl on top of tall thing, and meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim. Eat all the power cords eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap yet purr and soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr and intently stare at the same spot. Leave fur on owners clothes eat the fat cats food cats secretly make all the worlds muffins. Cat is love, cat is life run in circles poop in litter box, scratch the walls but chase ball of string yet chirp at birds kitty loves pigs for claw drapes. Swat at dog burrow under covers. Intently sniff hand i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun cat is love, cat is life lounge in doorway destroy couch, or behind the couch. Stare at ceiling human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter purrrrrr or have secret plans for instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason chirp at birds. Meow to be let out. Sleep on keyboard spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce so scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow, but hate dog kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff but attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim make meme, make cute face. White cat sleeps on a black shirt jump off balcony, onto stranger's head yet refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass destroy couch, for go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway scratch at the door then walk away so groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked!. Purr roll on the floor purring your whiskers off, and sit on human playing with balls of wool. 



